Describing features + CI fix (#1)
acquia/mc-cs-plugin-sparkpost: README.md

### Mautic Sparkpost Plugin

> This plugin enable Mautic 5 to run Sparkpost as a transport. Features:

Author: ```suggestion
This plugin enable Mautic 5 to run Sparkpost as an email transport. Features:
```

- API transport. This transport can send up to 2000 emails per API request which makes it very fast compared to SMTP.
- Bounce webhook handling. This plugin will unsubscribe contacts in Mautic based on the hard bounces while Sparkpost will take care of the soft bounce retrieals.

> #### Usage
> `composer require ts-navghane/sparkpost-plugin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The old repo `ts-navghane/sparkpost-plugin` is public archived and no longer available under https://packagist.org.
Can we please also remove this step? Thank you.

Author: I know. I'm trying to figure out how to create it under the Acquia namespace. But we can remove it till it's done.
